it was 1956 when on the lake of Como
the first boat was launched
signed comments have since been
launched over 600 half a century of history
linked to the love for wood and to the
passion for the sea
iran about committee indeed satisfy
for over 50 years a very clientele
refined looking in a boat
exclusivity in form and prestige
of a brand that has written pages
important for the whole history of
Italian boating
in contrast with the
philosophy adopted by many companies
in the last twenty years of simplifying the
processes to contain the costs of
production and reduce the final price
of the product as you preferred to give
continuity to the prestige of the single piece
the committee boats today for many
represent real objects of
cult worthy of the best tradition
Italian seafarer linked to the great
masters of ax and to the continuous search
of the exclusive detail and it is really with
this philosophy that is in the last act
jewel of the yard a venice 28
tender made explicitly on
request of an important shipowner
American for his 63 motoryacht
meters
compared to the standard version of the
venice 28 in fact this tendency is
been completely customized since
cockpit layout that was
enlarged to the bow cover that it is
been reduced as well as the sundeck of
stern that has been redesigned to give
space for an important au sofa
certainly more suitable for use as
you
not a simple restyling therefore but
a real distortion of the
standard version with reclamation
complex also performed on the structure
of the hull and the blanket they could
be realized only by those like in
case of the building comitti le
boats do not produce them in series e
it is not bound to the original mold
to highlight some details
customized as the solution
adopted to facilitate disembarkation e
boarding of passengers with hooks a
disappeared for suspend from
use the double during the launch
motorization with two sterndrive engines
diesel volvo penta the paint
metalized personalized with the
same color of the motoryacht on which
the automatic system will be loaded
of the retractable awning that allows
to the owner and his guests to enjoy
the tender also has the hottest hours
of the day and many others
details that make Venice 28
truly unique and exclusive tender